1.银鱼骨 -These two relics can be found near waterfalls, in the dirt sections where rocks and ore also appear. An example of Silver Fish Bones spawning is seen in this image.
2.墨迹化石 -These two relics can be found near waterfalls, in the dirt sections where rocks and ore also appear. An example of an Inked Fossil spawning is seen in this image.
3.空心泰迪熊 -The treehouse that can be found in the forest just above and to the right of the Mystic Falls of Love. On rainy days, a young girl will come down from the treehouse and stand outside, as seen in the picture below. If you interact with her, she will give you the Hollowed Bear. Note: make sure you have at least one empty slot in your inventory before speaking to her, or else you will not receive the item that day.
4.被掩埋的戒指 -It can be obtained after slaying a monster, specifically the Viperial, which can be found in The Ridge Forest.
5.金颅珊瑚 -It can be obtained after slaying a monster, specifically the Viperial, which can be found in The Ridge Forest.
6.贝壳手镯 -Two graves that can be found in the forest just above the Falls of Sacrifice. The Shell Bracelet will appear in the location as shown in the photo below on a rainy, stormy, or snowy day in any season.
7.情人之殇 -On the 3rd, 6th, 9th, 12th, 15th, 18th, 21st, 24th, and 27th of every month, a light blue version of the Corrupt Spirit will be wandering around the center of the The Ridge Forest, as seen in the image below. It will not attack you - if you talk to it, it will give you the Lover's Sorrow.
8.黄色木雕 -The yellow tent that can be found in the bottom left sector of the forest, by going left immediately after entering. The Yellow Wood Sculpture will appear in front of the tent as shown in the photo below on a rainy, stormy, or snowy day in any season.
9.夜黑钻石 -It can be found at night (meaning after 6 PM) in the small quarry sections of the forest where stones and ore spawn, as seen in the image below. You do not need a tool to obtain the item - simply pick it up as you would forage.